# Sprint 1 - P2 - *Team Runtime Terrors*

### Sprint Leader: *Daniel Stephenson*

## Policies

* GitHub Procedures


## Plan

Epics planned for this release.

* Update System (#69)
* Register (#11)
* Unregister (#12)
* End Match (#15)
* Piece Classes (#73)
* Game Board Logics (#128)
* Storage of Previous Games (#18)
* Server Side Turn Utility

## Metrics

| Statistic | # Planned | # Completed |
| --- | ---: | ---: |
| Epics | *8* | *6* |
| Tasks |  *35*   | *29* | 
| Story Points |  *53*  | *44* | 


## Scrums

| Date | Tasks closed  | Tasks in progress | Impediments |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| *9/30/20* | *N/A* | #19, #105, #106, #107, #108, #109, #130 | *N/A* |
| *10/2/20* | #19, #130 | #20, #21, #48, #84, #106, #107, #108, #109, #112, #113, #129, #131 | some problems with getting travis working, but Darla and Falkyn got it working |
| *10/5/20* | #20, #21, #48, #84 | #33, #105, #106, #107, #109, #112, #113, #128, #129, #131 | *none* |
| *10/7/20* | #33, #38, #109, #112, #112 | #105, #106, #107, #108, #110, #111, #129, #131, #147, #157 | some issues with running unit tests with intellij |
| *10/9/20* | #105, #106, #107, #108, #110, #111, #129, #131 | #70, #71, #147, #157, #160, #162, #163, #166 | *none* |
| *10/12/20* | #157, #160, #162, #163, #166, #171 | #147, #173, #178, #179, #183, #188 | *none* |
| *10/14/20* | #178, #179, #183, #188 | #147, #173 | *none* |

## Review

#### Completed epics in Sprint Backlog 
* Register (#11)
* Unregister (#12)
* End Match (#15)
* Storage of Previous Games (#18)
* Game Board Logics (#128)
* Piece Classes

#### Incomplete epics in Sprint Backlog 
* Update System
* Server Side Turn Utility

#### What went well
(N/A)

#### Problems encountered and resolutions
* Getting unit tests to run was a problem. The resolution was getting the configuration set up correctly.
* We were supposed to meet with the PO, expectations have now been clarified.
* IntelliJ wasn't recognizing package, this was troubleshooted.

## Retrospective

#### What went well
* Completed most of our planned epics within this sprint.
* Our knowledge of how to proceed is clarified now, so that's good.

#### Potential improvements
* We can't think of many improvements, though it was mentioned that meetings are very useful for keeping us on track and we should continue having them as we have.

#### What we will change next time
* We will work more closely with the PO.
* We will try to meet for an hour or so each week for a coding session.
