# Topics For The Meeting
## 1) When should we meet during the week for scrums?

Monday, Wednesday, Friday @ 5 PM

## 2) Who should be Scrum Master?

Daniel Stephenson for P1 (revisiting at P2)

## 3) What do we need to accomplish for P1?

### TO DO
- Add user stories to the Kanban board.
- Add epics and tasks to the Kanban board.
- Take a screenshot of the initial Kanban board for the 'Kanban Board' deliverable.
- Create a spreadsheet document showing traceability links for the 'Traceability Link Matrix'
- Create a design.md for the project for the 'Design Artifacts' deliverable.
- Create a setup.md for the project for the 'Development Manual' deliverable.
- Create a wiki page in the Github repository for the P1 milestone.

## 4) Do we want to plan the P1 Sprint on the Kanban board today or during our next meeting?

Today

### User Stories For P1
- As a user, I want to be able to register for the platform by using my email address and set up my profile (nickname, password) for quicker access to the application.
- As a user, I should be able to create a new match.
- As a user, I should be able to invite another user to join the match.
- As a user, I should be able to send more than one invitation.
- As a user, I should be able to accept or reject an invitation, alerting the inviter.
- As a user, I should be part of multiple games at the same time.
- As a user, I should be able to quit from any game at any time.
- As a user, I should be able to unregister.
- As a user, I can view history statistics from previous games.
- As a user, I should be able to view a user profile if registered.
- As a user, I should be able to make the first move if I create the match.
- As a user, I should be able to return to a saved game.
- As a user, I want to know the end result of a game I participate in.
- As a user, I want to be alerted when a user accepts/declines an invitation, when it is my turn, or a game I am participating in is over.

### MegaEpics/Epics/Tasks
- Registration System (1, 8, 10)
- Register using their email address, nickname and password.
- Unregister.
- View a user profile if registered.
- Match Management System (2, 6, 7, 12)
- Create a new match.
- Quit match.
- Select a match from a list to play.
- Select an in-progress game.
- Archive System (9, 12, 13)
- Storage of previous games
- View history from previous games
- Invitation System (3, 4, 5)
- Invite other users to a match.
- Accept/decline invitations.
- Send more than one invitation.
- Notification System (13, 14)
- Notification Mailbox
- Viewer For Notifications
- In-Game New Notification Alert
- Result Alert
- Board (Graphics)


### Game/Match (11, 12, 13)
- First Move
- Save Progress
- Result Screen
