# Notes For Last Meeting
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lr280Q29SL2F9ozstpNwwiiNaf8kGsJ1EzQgsexS38Y/edit

# Goals For The Meeting
- Plan the epics and tasks related to Graphics.
- Start working on a design.md file to begin drawing up components and graphical representations of what we will be building.
- Start working on a user-stories.md file.
- Decide if we want to decide what order the epics/tasks should be completed in.

# Useful Links
- Github Repo: https://github.com/CS414-Runtime-Terrors/cs414-f20-runtimeterrors
- ZenHub Bohttps://github.com/CS414-Runtime-Terrors/cs414-f20-runtimeterrorsard: https://github.com/CS414-Runtime-Terrors/cs414-f20-runtimeterrors#workspaces/planning-board-5f5c080dbdafd1260af8efd4/board?repos=294831712
- Google Docs Folder: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IrqejGvTNhsAXdSqG-VttjGEVi5AaD3o

# Graphical Library Choice
- libGDX
- https://libgdx.com/
- Getting Started
- https://libgdx.com/dev/

# Graphical User Stories
- I want to be able to view a title screen with buttons that I can click on to take me to other screens.
- I want to be able to quit the game using a Quit button.
- I want to be able to view a chess board and pieces when I’m in a match.
- When I choose to move a piece I want it to show where I can move the piece.
- I want to be able to view a list of strings in a text box.

# Possible Graphical Classes We Will Need
- Screens
- Register/Login Screen
- Register Side
- Email Text Box
- Nickname Text Box
- Password Text Box
- Register Button
- Login Side
- Nickname Text Box
- Password Text Box (with asterisks)
- Login Button
- Main Menu Screen
- Matchmaking Button (starts the matchmaking process)
- Invite A Player Button (separate screen)
- View Notifications Button (separate screen)
- View Archives Button (separate screen)
- Invite Screen
- Search Bar
- Invite Button
- ‘Back’ Button
- Notifications Screen
- List of Strings
- ‘Back’ Button
- Archives Screen
- List of Strings
- ‘Back’ Button
- Result Screen
- List of Strings
- ‘Ok’ Button
- Graphics
- Board
- BoardSquare
- Be able to highlight certain squares on the board.
- Be able to put pieces on certain squares on the board.
- Piece
- Child Classes For Each Piece
- Profile Card
- Invitation Card
- Notification Alert
- Drop Down Menu
- Buttons
- ‘Main Menu’ Button

# What We Need To Have Accomplished By The 28th
- Add epics to the Kanban board.
- Finish up adding tasks to the Kanban board.
- Create a user-stories.md for the project.
- Create a design.md for the project for the 'Design Artifacts' deliverable.
- Take a screenshot of the initial Kanban board for the 'Kanban Board' deliverable.
- Ensure the Wiki page is up to par.
- Record the presentation for P1
- The progress on the project is to be presented during the due date lecture. In addition, you are to present a brief description of Omega Chess, as well as any process/product decision you have made. You are also to present the results of your meetings. The slides of the presentation should be stored in the repository.
- Upload the presentation for P1

# Next Time
- Make any last minute changes to the Kanban Board.
- Take a screenshot of the Kanban Board.
- Link any completed deliverables to the Wiki page.
- Talk about the presentation.
- Create a first draft of the class diagram (Do it in Paint so we can edit later)
- Create CRC cards for the classes.
